fix:[main] update data dictionary for missing tab description (#1166)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/core/metadata/Ch-Metadata.md

    ||The atomic description of a particular protocol level interface for a class of Devices; represents a value on a device that can be read or written|
    |Description||
    |Name||
    |Tags|Tags for adding additional information on reading level|
    |Properties|List of associated properties|
    |Attributes|List of associated attributes|
=== "DeviceCommand"
    |Property|Description|
    |---|---|
    || Defines read/write capabilities native to the device|
    |Description||
    |Name||
    |isHidden|Indicate the visibility of the DeviceCommand via a CoreCommand.|
    |Tags|Tags for adding additional information on event level|
    |readWrite|Read/Write Permissions set for this DeviceCommand. The value can be R, W, or RW. R enables GET command, and W enables SET command in the Core Command Service|

>     |resourceOperations|List of associated attributes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |resourceOperations|List of associated resources and attributes|
```

Author: udpated

    ||The atomic description of a particular protocol level interface for a class of Devices; represents a value on a device that can be read or written|
    |Description||
    |Name||
    |Tags|Tags for adding additional information on reading level|
    |Properties|List of associated properties|
    |Attributes|List of associated attributes|
=== "DeviceCommand"
    |Property|Description|
    |---|---|
    || Defines read/write capabilities native to the device|
    |Description||
    |Name||
    |isHidden|Indicate the visibility of the DeviceCommand via a CoreCommand.|
    |Tags|Tags for adding additional information on event level|
    |readWrite|Read/Write Permissions set for this DeviceCommand. The value can be R, W, or RW. R enables GET command, and W enables SET command in the Core Command Service|

>     |resourceOperations|List of associated resources and attributes|

Reviewer 2: Need to be consistent which casing on these property names

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    |Description||
    |Name||
    |isHidden|Indicate the visibility of the DeviceCommand via a CoreCommand.|
    |Tags|Tags for adding additional information on event level|
    |readWrite|Read/Write Permissions set for this DeviceCommand. The value can be R, W, or RW. R enables GET command, and W enables SET command in the Core Command Service|
    |resourceOperations|List of associated resources and attributes. Should contain more than one, otherwise it is redundant to the single Resource. |
```

=== "ResourceOperation"
    |Property|Description|
    |---|---|

>     |DeviceResource|The replacement of Object field. Must name a DeviceResource in this profile|

Reviewer 2: what is `The replacement of Object field` ??
```suggestion
    |DeviceResource| Name of a DeviceResource in this profile to be include in a Device Command |
```

>     |DefaultValue|If present, should be compatible with the Type field of the named DeviceResource|

Reviewer 2: Add when it is used.

>     |Mappings|Only valid where the Type of the named DeviceResource is String|

Reviewer 2: Add how this is used.
